SMC-PAD
 User Manual




CubeSuite for Android/iOS：scan the QR code
Ⅰ. Packing list                                                    EN

■ SMC-PAD;
■ USB-C Connection Cable;
■ User manual;



Ⅱ. Type of Connection                                              EN

■ USB Connection: Plug the cable through the USB port to the
Windows/Mac it will automatic be recognized, When plug into
Windows/Mac the SMC-PAD will be charging at the same time；
(Red light: charging, Green light: charging complete)

■ Wireless Connection: Press and hold the BT button, when the
light flashing the wireless function is activated, when the light stay
on was connection successfully；

■ Wireless Adapter: Plug Wireless Adapter B into Windows/Mac,
connection was successfully when both lights stay on；

■ Direct Wireless: Activated BT function of Windows/Mac/ios/
Android, Select SMC-PAD on the list (Wireless connection requires
devices to support BT5.0. For Windows, installation of the BLE
MIDI driver is necessary, for more details, check the 'Connection
Methods' section of the user manual.)；

■ MIDI OUT Connection:
Wired Connection: Utilize the 3.5mm MIDI OUT port located on
the back of the device for MIDI OUT functionality;
Wireless connection: Use Five-Pin wireless MIDI adapter A
connecting to device such as synthesizer or other device that
support MIDI IN;



                                  1
Wireless adapter A                                Wireless adapter B




Note: Wireless Adapter A and B are not within the package
need to buy additionally；
Low Battery Indicator: When the device has insufficient power,
both the left and right buttons will flash simultaneously.




                               2
Ⅲ. Panel Overview                                            EN




① Back of device
Power: Switch to turn on/off the device;
Power Indicator: The indicator light
illuminates red while charging and turns
green when fully charged;
USB: USB-C Connection port;
MIDI OUT: Enables MIDI output for
further connectivity.

② Knobs
Eight assignable 360-degrees rotary encoders; These eight knobs
can also send Aftertouch, Midi CC, Pitch information through
setting inside software.
Hold the 'Note Repeat' function button and simultaneously rotate
Knobs 1-4 to adjust the Note Repeat functionality. For detailed
feature descriptions, refer to the 'Note Repeat Editing
Instructions’;
Note: You can only change settings inside software(Scan the QR
code on the back of the machine to download the software).
                                   3
③ Pads
Sixteen RGB back-lit pads with velocity-sensitive & aftertouch;
Include Note, Midi CC, Program Change;
Note: You can only change settings inside software(Scan the QR
code on the back of the machine to download the software).

④ Button area
BT: Long press the BT button to turn the BT function on or off.
PAD BANK: Switches to the second bank of pads.
KNOB BANK: Switches to the second bank of knobs.
Left: Switches to the previous group of eight tracks on the DAW.
Right: Switches to the next group of eight tracks on the DAW.
PLAY: Initiates the play function in your DAW.
STOP: Initiates the stop function in your DAW.
RECORD: Initiates the record function in your DAW.
SHIFT: Holding the SHIFT button and pressing various pads can
trigger additional functions:
Shift + Note Repeat: Transforms the 16 pads to modify note
repeat settings. For further details, see the "Note Repeat
Instructions" section below.
Shift + Pads 1-8: Switch between different preset configurations.
(Pad 1 is Performance preset, Pad 2 is DAW preset, The rest are
user presets)
Shift + Pads 9-12: Adjust the pad's velocity curve. Pad 12 equates
to full velocity.
Shift + Pads 13-14: Transpose up or down.
Shift + Pads 15-16: Shift the pad's octave range up or down.
Shift + PAD 15 + PAD 16: Reset to the default Octave range.
Note: When using buttons associated with the DAW, you must
select 'Mackie Control' as the input/output option within the
corresponding DAW's control surface.




                                4
Ⅳ. Note Repeat                                                  EN


Either press the “Note Repeat" button followed by the desired
pad, or press the desired pad and then the "Note Repeat"
button, to activate the note repeat function.

When "Shift + Note Repeat" is activated:
Pads 1-8 (Rate): Modify the rate based on the tempo, ranging
from 1/4 to 1/32t.
Pads 9-13 (Swing): Set the deviation of notes. The greater the
swing amount, the more rhythmically varied the repeating notes
will be.
Pad 14 (Latch): When activated, notes will continue to repeat
even after releasing the pad.
Pad 15 (Sync): Synchronizes the tempo with your DAW. Ensure
that the external MIDI controller sync function is activated within
your DAW for this feature to work.
Pad 16 (Tap Tempo): Tap this pad to manually adjust the tempo of
the note repeat. The pad will flash to indicate the rate of the
tempo.

"Holding the 'Note Repeat' button and rotating Knobs 1-4 can
also activate the function printed on the product.

Knob 1 (Rate): Rotate to switch between rates from 1/4 to 1/32t.
Knob 2 (Swing): Rotate to adjust the deviation of notes.
Knob 3 (Tempo): Rotate to modify the tempo within a range of 30
to 300 BPM.
Knob 4 (Latch): Rotate to toggle the latch on or off.




                                 5
Ⅴ. Technology Parameters                                      EN


Product Dimensions   227mm(L) x 147mm (W)x 38mm(H)
Product Weight       520g
                     16 RGB Back-Lit Pads with velocity-sensitive
Pads                 and after touch
Knobs                8 assignable endless 360 degree encoders
                     USB-C port
                     Wireless connection with
Output
                     Windows/Mac/ios/Android
                     3.5mm Midi Out Function
Power                Battery supplied or USB-bus-powered
Battery Model/Type   704060
Battery Nominal
                     3.7V
Voltage
Battery capacity     2000mAh




                               6
Ⅵ. Connection Method                                               EN




                    Audio MIDI Studio

Mac: Connect directly via BT inside Audio MIDI Studio Setup;



                Ble MIDI Driver


Windows: You need to download a driver, scan the QR code
in the back of device;




iPhone: You need to open the software that supports Ble
MIDI, such as GarageBand,search for a MiDl keyboard in
your MIDI device and connect it;




Android: You need to open the software that supports Ble
MIDI, such as FL studio. search for a MiDl keyboard in your MIDI
device and connect it.




                                  7
Ⅶ. FCC Warning Statement                                           EN

★Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party
responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to
operate the equipment. This equipment has been tested and
found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,
pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to
provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a
residential installation. This equipment generates uses and can
radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in
accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference
to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that
interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this
equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television
reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off
and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by
one or more of the following measures:
‐‐ Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
‐‐ Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
‐‐ Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from
that to which the receiver is connected.
‐‐ Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for
help.

FCC Radiation Exposure Statement
The device has been evaluated to meet general RF exposure
requirement. The device can be used in portable exposure
condition without restriction.

This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is
subject to the following two conditions:
(1)This device may not cause harmful interference.
(2)This device must accept any interference received, including
interference that may cause undesired operation.



                                 8
SMC-PAD
    用户指南




手机端Android/iOS下载APP：扫描二维码下载
一. 包装清单                                  CN

■ SMC-PAD;
■ USB-C连接线;
■ 用户指南；




二. 设备连接                                  CN

■ 有线连接：通过USB接口连接移动设备或电脑终端
（Windows/Mac），设备无需安装驱动可自动识别，同时设备将会自
动充电。
（背部指示灯为红色为正在充电；指示灯为绿色为已经充满）。


■ 无线连接：长按设备区域4中的BT按键开启无线功能（按键灯光闪
烁为待连接，常亮为连接成功）;


■ 无线适配器连接：将适配器B端接入Windows/Mac，当键盘与无线
适配器连接指示灯同时为常亮状态为连接成功。


■ 无线直连：开启Windows/Mac/ios/Android的BT功能，菜单中选
择SMC-PAD，配对成功后BT按键灯光常亮（无线连接需设备支持
BT5.0 , Windows需要安装BLE MIDI驱动；）。


■ MIDI OUT连接：
有线连接：通过机身背后3.5mm MIDI OUT接口有线连接进行MIDI
OUT功能。
无线连接：使用键盘的无线功能配对五针MIDI口无线适配器A端用来
控制合成器等支持MIDI In的设备。



                     1
  无线适配器A               无线适配器B




注：无线适配器A端与B端需另外购买。
低电量提示：当设备电量不足时，按键区域的左键和右键会同时闪
烁。




              2
三. 功能介绍                                 CN




区域 ①
Power：拨动开关以开启或关闭设备。
电源指示灯：充电时指示灯亮红色，充满
时指示灯亮绿色。
USB：USB-C型连接接口。
MIDI OUT：实现MIDI输出，以进行进一
步的连接（例如合
成器等设备）。

区域 ② 旋钮
八组可分配的无极旋钮，通过软件设置可调整不同的信息发送类型，
包含AfterTouch , Midi CC 。
按住Note Repeat功能键同时旋转旋钮1-4可调节Note Repeat功能，
具体功能介绍查看音符重复编辑说明。
注：信息发送类型只可以通过软件调整（扫描机身背部二维码下载软
件）。

                    3
区域 ③ 打击垫
十六组拥有力度感应和触后功能的打击垫（可在软件中调节背光颜
色）, 通过软件设置可调整发送不同的信息类型，包含Note , Midi
CC , Program Change。
注：信息发送类型只可以通过软件整（扫描机身背部二维码下载软
件）。

区域 ④按键区域
BT：长按BT按钮开启或关闭BT功能。
PAD BANK：切换到第二组打击垫。
KNOB BANK：切换到旋钮的第二组。
左键：切换至数字音频工作站（DAW）中的前八组轨道。
右键：切换至数字音频工作站（DAW）中的后八组轨道。
PLAY：启动DAW中的播放功能。
STOP：启动DAW中的停止功能。
RECORD：启动DAW中的录音功能。
SHIFT：按住SHIFT按钮并按不同的打击垫可以触发其他功能。
Shift + Note Repeat：将16个打击垫转化为修改音符重复设置。有
关更多详情，请参阅下面的“音符重复说明”部分。
Shift + PAD 1-8：在不同的预设配置之间切换。
(PAD 1 为演奏预设，PAD 2 为宿主（DAW）预设，其余为自定义预
设)
Shift + PAD 9-12：调整打击垫的力度曲线(Velocity Curve)，Pad12
等于满力度（Full Velocity)。
Shift + PAD 13-14：单独上移或下移打击垫的音符，上下限为正负
16个。
Shift + PAD 15-16：将打击垫的八度范围向上或向下移动。
Shift + PAD 15 + PAD 16：重置默认的八度范围区间。
注：使用跟宿主相关联的按键时需在对应宿主的控制界面中将输入输
出选择为Mackie Control。




                        4
四. 音符重复(Note Repeat)                   CN

您可以按下"Note Repeat"按钮然后按下所需的打击垫，或者先按所
需的打击垫然后按下"Note Repeat"按钮，以激活音符重复功能。
当激活"Shift + Note Repeat"时：
PAD 1-8（Rate）：根据节奏修改速率，范围从1/4到1/32t。
PAD 9-13（Swing）：设置音符的偏差。摇摆量越大，重复的音符在
节奏上的变化就越大。
PAD 14（Latch）：当激活时，即使释放打击垫，音符也会继续重
复。
PAD 15（Sync）：与DAW同步节奏。确保在DAW中激活了外部MIDI
控制器同步功能，以使此功能正常工作。
PAD 16（Tap Tempo）：轻敲此打击垫以手动调整音符重复的节
奏。打击垫将闪烁以显示节奏的速率。
按住'Note Repeat'按钮并旋转旋钮1-4也可以激活产品上印的功能。
旋钮1（Rate）：旋转以在1/4到1/32t之间切换速率。
旋钮2（Swing）：旋转以调整音符的偏差。
旋钮3（Tempo）：旋转以在30至300 BPM的范围内修改节奏。
旋钮4（Latch）：旋转以开启/关闭Latch。




                         5
五. 技术参数                                   CN


产品尺寸      227mm(L) x 147mm (W)x 38mm(H)
产品重量      520g
鼓垫        16个RGB背光支持力度感应和触后的打击垫
旋钮        8个可分配的360度旋转旋钮
          USB-C型接口
输出        无线连接Windows/Mac/ios/Android
          有线MIDI OUT功能
电源        电池供电或USB供电
电池型号规格    704060
电池标称电压    3.7V
电池额定容量    2000mAh
修订        2024-08-15




                       6
六. 连接指南                                        CN




                  音频MIDI设置

Mac：通过音频MIDI工作室进行无线连接。



           Ble MIDI Driver


Windows：与Windows连接需要安装Ble Midi驱动，请扫描设
备背面二维码下载。




iPhone：需要软件支持Ble MIDI （例如库乐队），在软件MIDI
设备中搜索并连接设备。




Android：需要软件支持Ble MIDI （例如Fl Studio Mobile），
在软件MIDI设备中搜索并连接设备。




                             7
